MB-15567 Discovery: How does our integration with DTOD work (The Environment Variables part) (#327)
transcom/mymove-docs: docs/tools/cicd/environment_variables/README.md

# Environment Variables

> To manage our environment variables, we use [direnv](https://direnv.net/) which evaluayes the `.envrc` file when changing into the repository direction.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: small typos

```suggestion
To manage our environment variables, we use [direnv](https://direnv.net/) which evaluates the `.envrc` file when changing into the repository directory.
```
